"Learn" section update (#52)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-governance.md

In short, when turnout rate is low, a super-majority is required to pass the proposal, which means a higher threshold of "aye" (yes) votes have to be reached, but as turnout increases towards 100%, it becomes a simple-majority.

> All three talling mechanisms - majority carries, super-majority approve, and super-majority against - equate to a simple majority carries system at 100% turnout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All three tallying mechanisms - majority carries, super-majority approve, and super-majority against - equate to a simple majority carries system at 100% turnout.
```

![](assets/governance/approval-vote.png)

>  At genesis, there will be 6 to 12 seats in the Council. All stakeholders are free to signal their approval (or not) of any of the registered candidates. For every two weeks, one of those seats is up for election and increase over the course of 9 months to 24 people (roughly one extra individual coming on every two weeks). All members have a fixed term (1 year). Council members can be removed early only by a referenda.

Reviewer: > All stakeholders are free to signal their approval (or not)

Does "or not" imply abstaining or voting against? Needs to be clarified. I'd love to be able to vote _against_ someone being on the council.

```suggestion
 At genesis, there will be 6 to 12 seats in the Council. All stakeholders are free to signal their approval (or not) of any of the registered candidates. Every two weeks, one of those seats is up for election. The number of seats will increase to 24 people over the course of 9 months (roughly one extra individual coming on every two weeks). All members have a fixed term (1 year). Council members can be removed early only by a referendum.
```

Author: No, it's basically approval voting, so you can withhold your vote for someone and vote for someone else.  But it's unclear, will fix.

Author: I think just removing "or not" makes it clear that you can just signal approval, not vote against.  Fixed in commit b2139b9020f519f721ef9a09bdf340565cbcf1ca
